woe to you who plunder though you have
woe to you who plunder though you have not been plundered and you who deal
not been plundered and you who deal
not been plundered and you who deal treacherously though they have not dealt
treacherously though they have not dealt
treacherously though they have not dealt treacherously with you when you cease
treacherously with you when you cease
treacherously with you when you cease plundering you will be plundered when
plundering you will be plundered when
plundering you will be plundered when you make an end of dealing treacherously
you make an end of dealing treacherously
you make an end of dealing treacherously they will deal treacherously with you Oh
they will deal treacherously with you Oh
they will deal treacherously with you Oh Lord be gracious to us we have waited
Lord be gracious to us we have waited
Lord be gracious to us we have waited for you be their arm every morning our
for you be their arm every morning our
for you be their arm every morning our salvation also in the time of trouble at
salvation also in the time of trouble at
salvation also in the time of trouble at the noise of the tumult the people shall
the noise of the tumult the people shall
the noise of the tumult the people shall flee when you lift yourself up the
flee when you lift yourself up the
flee when you lift yourself up the nations shall be scattered and your
nations shall be scattered and your
nations shall be scattered and your plunder shall be gathered like the
plunder shall be gathered like the
plunder shall be gathered like the gathering of the caterpillar as the
gathering of the caterpillar as the
gathering of the caterpillar as the running to and fro of locusts he shall
running to and fro of locusts he shall
running to and fro of locusts he shall run upon them the Lord is exalted for he
run upon them the Lord is exalted for he
run upon them the Lord is exalted for he dwells on high he has filled Zion with
dwells on high he has filled Zion with
dwells on high he has filled Zion with justice and righteousness wisdom and
justice and righteousness wisdom and
justice and righteousness wisdom and knowledge will be the stability of your
knowledge will be the stability of your
knowledge will be the stability of your times and the strength of salvation the
times and the strength of salvation the
times and the strength of salvation the fear of the Lord is his treasure surely
fear of the Lord is his treasure surely
fear of the Lord is his treasure surely their valiant ones shall cry outside the
their valiant ones shall cry outside the
their valiant ones shall cry outside the ambassadors of peace shall weep bitterly
ambassadors of peace shall weep bitterly
ambassadors of peace shall weep bitterly the highways live waste the traveling
the highways live waste the traveling
the highways live waste the traveling man ceases he has broken the Covenant he
man ceases he has broken the Covenant he
man ceases he has broken the Covenant he has despised the cities he regards no
has despised the cities he regards no
has despised the cities he regards no man the earth mourns and languishes
man the earth mourns and languishes
man the earth mourns and languishes Lebanon ashamed and shriveled Charon is
Lebanon ashamed and shriveled Charon is
Lebanon ashamed and shriveled Charon is like a wilderness and bation and caramel
like a wilderness and bation and caramel
like a wilderness and bation and caramel shake off their fruits now I will rise
shake off their fruits now I will rise
shake off their fruits now I will rise now I will be exalted now I will lift
now I will be exalted now I will lift
now I will be exalted now I will lift myself up you shall conceive chaff you
myself up you shall conceive chaff you
myself up you shall conceive chaff you shall bring forth stubble your breath as
shall bring forth stubble your breath as
shall bring forth stubble your breath as fire shall devour you and the people
fire shall devour you and the people
fire shall devour you and the people shall be like the burnings of lime like
shall be like the burnings of lime like
shall be like the burnings of lime like fawns cut up they shall be burned in the
fawns cut up they shall be burned in the
fawns cut up they shall be burned in the fire
fire
fire here you who are far off what I have
here you who are far off what I have
here you who are far off what I have done and you who are near acknowledge my
done and you who are near acknowledge my
done and you who are near acknowledge my might the sinners in Zion are afraid
might the sinners in Zion are afraid
might the sinners in Zion are afraid fearfulness has seized the hypocrites
fearfulness has seized the hypocrites
fearfulness has seized the hypocrites who among us shall dwell with the
who among us shall dwell with the
who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire who among us shall dwell
devouring fire who among us shall dwell
devouring fire who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings he who walks
with everlasting burnings he who walks
with everlasting burnings he who walks righteously and speaks up rightly he who
righteously and speaks up rightly he who
righteously and speaks up rightly he who despises the gain of oppressions who
despises the gain of oppressions who
despises the gain of oppressions who gestures with his hands refusing bribes
gestures with his hands refusing bribes
gestures with his hands refusing bribes who stops his ears from hearing of
who stops his ears from hearing of
who stops his ears from hearing of bloodshed and shuts his eyes from seeing
bloodshed and shuts his eyes from seeing
bloodshed and shuts his eyes from seeing evil he will dwell on high his place of
evil he will dwell on high his place of
evil he will dwell on high his place of Defence will be the fortress of rocks
Defence will be the fortress of rocks
Defence will be the fortress of rocks bread will be given him his water will
bread will be given him his water will
bread will be given him his water will be sure your eyes will see the king in
be sure your eyes will see the king in
be sure your eyes will see the king in his beauty they will see the land that
his beauty they will see the land that
his beauty they will see the land that is very far off your heart will meditate
is very far off your heart will meditate
is very far off your heart will meditate on terror where is the scribe where is
on terror where is the scribe where is
on terror where is the scribe where is he who weighs where is he who counts the
he who weighs where is he who counts the
he who weighs where is he who counts the towers you will not see a fierce people
towers you will not see a fierce people
towers you will not see a fierce people a people of obscure speech beyond
a people of obscure speech beyond
a people of obscure speech beyond perception of a stammering tongue that
perception of a stammering tongue that
perception of a stammering tongue that you cannot understand look upon Zion the
you cannot understand look upon Zion the
you cannot understand look upon Zion the city of our appointed feasts your eyes
city of our appointed feasts your eyes
city of our appointed feasts your eyes will see Jerusalem a quiet home a
will see Jerusalem a quiet home a
will see Jerusalem a quiet home a tabernacle that will not be taken down
tabernacle that will not be taken down
tabernacle that will not be taken down not one of its steaks will ever be
not one of its steaks will ever be
not one of its steaks will ever be removed nor will any of its cords be
removed nor will any of its cords be
removed nor will any of its cords be broken but there the majestic Lord will
broken but there the majestic Lord will
broken but there the majestic Lord will be for us a place of broad rivers and
be for us a place of broad rivers and
be for us a place of broad rivers and streams in which no galley with oars
streams in which no galley with oars
streams in which no galley with oars will sail nor majestic ships pass by for
will sail nor majestic ships pass by for
will sail nor majestic ships pass by for the Lord is our judge the Lord is our
the Lord is our judge the Lord is our
the Lord is our judge the Lord is our lawgiver the Lord is our king he will
lawgiver the Lord is our king he will
lawgiver the Lord is our king he will save us your tackle is loosed they could
save us your tackle is loosed they could
save us your tackle is loosed they could not strengthen their mast they could not
not strengthen their mast they could not
not strengthen their mast they could not spread the sail
spread the sail
spread the sail then the prey of great plunder is
then the prey of great plunder is
then the prey of great plunder is divided the lame take to pray and the
divided the lame take to pray and the
divided the lame take to pray and the inhabitant will not say I am sick
inhabitant will not say I am sick
inhabitant will not say I am sick the people who dwell in it will be
the people who dwell in it will be
the people who dwell in it will be forgiven their iniquity